» 46 » 5.ª » Martinho de Bohemia » 51 » 25.ª » impellidas » 55 » 19.ª » acariciado » 59 » 6.ª » pestanejou » » » 15.ª » permittir » 61 » 9.ª » descoraçoados » 68 » 4.ª » _Santiago_ » 69 » 3.ª » surprehendeu » » » 27.ª » _Santiago_ » 71 » 5.ª » _Santiago_ » 73 » 13.ª » descoraçoados » 80 » 9.ª » oppusesse » 81 » 19.ª » superstição invadia » 82 » 15.ª » _Santiago_ » » » 19.ª » em imminente perigo » » » 29.ª » _Santiago_ » 89 » 16.ª » aquelles cetaceos » 102 nota » _Les Philippines_ » 108 linha 11.ª » desembarcaram EMPREZA DO OCCIDENTE CAETANO ALBERTO CATALOGO DE ALGUMAS OBRAS Á VENDA O OCCIDENTE _Revista Illustrada de Portugal e do Extrangeiro_ Publicação tri-mensal--Assignatura permanente. Preço para Portugal, anno 3$800, semestre 1$900, trimestre 950, numero avulso ou á entrega 120 réis. Colonias portuguezas d'Africa, anno 4$000, semestre 2$000. Extrangeiro, anno 5$000, semestre 2$500 réis. Está no 21.º anno de publicação. Vendem-se collecções e volumes isolados. Preços dos 3 primeiros volumes, cada um 3$000 brochado, e 4$000 encadernado. Os volumes seguintes ou desde 1881 até ao presente: cada um 4$000 brochado, 5$000 encadernado. A campanha d'Africa contada por um sargento Illustrada com 40 gravuras, retratos dos heroes da campanha, vistas e combates 1 vol. 300 réis--pelo correio 320. Encadernado em percaline 500 reis. AVENTURAS DE UMA NOVIÇA Versão de Esteves Pereira, illustrado com o retrato da Heroina. 1 vol. 200 réis. LIVROS PARA RIR _Sapatos de Defuncto_, por Leite Bastos, illustrações de Manuel de Macedo e Caetano Alberto, 1 vol. edição de luxo 600 réis. _Viagem à roda da Parvónia_, pelo commendador Gil Vaz, illustrações de Manuel de Macedo--1 vol. 500 réis. _O Nariz do Tabellião_, por E. About, traducção de Pin-Sél, illustrado com uma capa a côres--1 vol. 200 réis. DICCIONARIO DAS SEIS LINGUAS Francez-Portuguez e Portuguez-Francez. Francez-Allemão e Allemão-Francez. Francez-Hespanhol e Hespanhol Francez. Francez-Inglez e Inglez-Francez. Francez-Italiano e Italiano-Francez. Um só volume comprehendendo 80 fasciculos de 16 pag. 8.º port. Em publicação cada fasciculo 30 réis. Typ. de A. E. Barata.--Rua Nova do Loureiro, 25 a 39 *** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK DESCOBRIMENTO DAS FILIPPINAS PELO NAVEGADOR PORTUGUEZ FERNÃO DE MAGALHÃES *** Updated editions will replace the previous one—the old editions will be renamed. Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without permission and without paying copyright royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG™ concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away—you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark license, especially commercial redistribution. START: FULL LICENSE THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK To protect the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting the free distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase “Project Gutenberg”), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project Gutenberg™ License available with this file or online at www.gutenberg.org/license. Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg™ electronic works 1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg™ electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property (trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works in your possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project Gutenberg™ electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8. 1.B. “Project Gutenberg” is a registered trademark. It may only be used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg™ electronic works even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project Gutenberg™ electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below. 1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation (“the Foundation” or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project Gutenberg™ electronic works. Nearly all the individual works in the collection are in the public domain in the United States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the United States and you are located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope that you will support the Project Gutenberg™ mission of promoting free access to electronic